Update language to clarify that PRO is not required to launch HF Jobs (#2429)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/jobs-pricing.md

Hugging Face Jobs let you run compute tasks on Hugging Face infrastructure without managing it yourself. Simply define a command, a Docker image, and a hardware flavor among various CPU and GPU options.

> [!TIP]

> > Jobs are available to all users and organizations with [pre-paid credits](https://huggingface.co/pricing).

Author: ```suggestion
> Jobs are available to all users and organizations with [pre-paid credits](https://huggingface.co/settings/billing).
```

> > Jobs are available to all users and organizations with [pre-paid credits](https://huggingface.co/settings/billing).

Reviewer: late to the party but maybe a better wording is `Jobs are available to all users and organizations with a positive [credit balance]`?

Author: Or what about just:

> Jobs are available to any user or organization with [credits](https://huggingface.co/settings/billing)

I can open a PR

Reviewer: Yes that works too.

Author: Ended up going with your suggestion for clarity, PR here: https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/pull/2479
